added first@ptc and reasons to use cad to the cad section (#286)
gamemanual0/gm0: source/docs/design-skills/cad.rst

> #. CAD solves a lot of preventable headaches, such as spacing issues. Thus, it will save time when you discover problems in CAD that you can remediate before you build your robot.
> #. CAD is a professional tool that is used in many STEM fields. Having CAD knowledge and skills will be beneficial in your future career, should you study and work in those fields.
> #. If you desire to create 3D-printed or machined parts, CAD will be necessary to do so.
> #. CAD can reduce the cost of building a robot by helping to determine which parts you need for a robot before actually spending the money to buy those parts.
> #. CAD can also be a big time saver in the build process by giving you and your team something to go off of when building.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. CAD solves a lot of preventable headaches, such as spacing issues. Thus, it will save time when you discover problems in CAD that you can remediate before you build your robot.
#. CAD is a professional tool that is used in many STEM fields. Having CAD knowledge and skills will be beneficial in your future career, should you study and work in those fields.
#. If you desire to create 3D-printed or machined parts, CAD will be necessary to do so.
#. CAD can reduce the cost of building a robot by helping to determine which parts you need for a robot before actually spending the money to buy those parts.
```
CAD doesn't really give you an idea of what to go off of, it lets you experiment with that more easily—that's a design skill though, not a CAD skill. The point about preventable headaches covers this in my opinion.

- `10650 Hazmat Robotics CAD Library <https://workbench.grabcad.com/workbench/projects/gcpgZgLBwhIdL0FfUKJJfM75cqa9RW1ncXaL-lQ4KOl1wa#/space/gcSzacmSeI-l19BYQNPm422pSHLenRxOxVtmaD-Pzynwsq/folder/6578524>`_

> - `2901 Purple Gears Onshape Parts Library <https://ftconshape.com/introduction-to-the-ftc-parts-library/>`_
> In addition, Onshape users can email FIRST@PTC.com in order to get access to a CAD library containing the majority of parts from most major vendors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `FTC Onshape Parts Library (contains a majority of parts from most major vendors) <https://ftconshape.com/introduction-to-the-ftc-parts-library/>`_
```
